1. reservation insertion complexity

data structure- linked list with a tail pointer 
complexity- O(n)
The code always keeps track of where the last element is pointed at,
so it is easy to add any new reservation at the end. However,
it goes through the whole list twice because 1) it has to make sure
there is no other reservation with the same id and 2) the same resource is not booked
on the same day. So, even though the inserting part is fast, the checking part
makes it slower because it has to look at every existing reservation first,
which is why it is O(n) overall. 

2.reservation removal complexity 
data structure-linked list
complexity-O(n)
To remove or cancel any reservation, the code starts at the beginning of the list
and keeps on checking until it finds the match. If the required reservation is the
initial one, then it's quick, but if it is not, then the code keeps on going node to node
using current = current->next. Because this is a singly linked list, each node only has
a pointer to the next one, so if the reservation is towards the tail, then it has to
go through the whole list.

3.waiting list processing complexity 
data structure- queue 
complexity-O(1)
The waiting list uses a queue, so to add and remove a student it uses push() and pop()
respectively. Neither adding nor removing has to search or shift anything, since the queue
always keeps track of both the front and back. That is why waiting-list processing time is O(1).
However, to display it, it's different: complexity is O(n), because a queue doesn't allow
looking through it without removing things, so the code has to go through one student at a
time, copy it, and then display it. So, if there are n students in line, it has to go through
each one to print the list.

4.undo cancellation complexity
data structure-stack 
complexity-O(1)
It uses a stack, so to add a cancellation, the code uses push() in addCancellation(),
and it is placed on top. Since it is on top, to undo a cancellation means calling top()
to grab the most recently added one and pop() to remove it in undoCancellation().
A stack only works with whatever is on top, so it doesn't matter how tall the stack is —
it works the same every time. That's why this is O(1).

